Ms. Kwan? Ms. Kwan?
Sorry. Ms. Kwan?
I'm so slow today.
It's okay. Take your time.
So can you pine your next month?
No doubt, you will experience greater joy.
Brother Choo.
Yes, Mr. Kwan?
Can I have one too?
Of course. Just a moment, please.
Brother Choo.
I have many doctors appointments next month, but maybe.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I wrote a little something that might help you when you fill it out.
Oh, I see.
Here you go.
Thank you.
And remember, our circuit over-serve visit isn't two months.
And only 30 hours are required that month.
I see. Brother Choo.
Yes, hello, Brother Lee.
Hello, Mr. Kwan.
Hello, Brother Lee.
Nice job covering those parts at the last minute.
Anyway, it seems like everyone is away.
Hello, Mr. Kwan.
Can I ask you to do something?
Here's what I need.
Hello, Mr. Choo.
If you want to get something done, give it to a busy man.
We can always count on you.
Hannah and I were beginning to feel overwhelmed.
Amen.
Brother Choo.
May I have a moment?
I need your help with something.
Then, Brother Kim needed help with the territories.
Of course, we love being busy with theocratic work.
Yes, Brother Kim?
Just a second.
It's Brother Kim calling about the territories.
I'll only take a minute.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
I see.
Yes, I understand.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Other more important things were beginning to suffer.
It's like doctor's appointments are my whole life now.
I have so many next months.
And they take forever to reschedule.
How could I possibly make my time?
There's something written here.
Prayerfully consider 2 Corinthians 8-12.
If the readiness is there,
oh, I am ready.
According to what a person has,
not according to what a person does not have.
Jehovah wanted the Israelites to sacrifice their best.
But just imagine what happened if they tried to do more than they could.
I can almost hear the reaction.
Dad, where'd all the sheep go?
All of them?
What are we supposed to live on?
No, he didn't want them to sacrifice so much
that they couldn't support their families.
I need those appointments.
But maybe in two months,
when I don't have so many appointments
and the circuit overseer visit,
I could set a goal.
We knew we were taking on too much work.
But could we say no?
We wanted Jehovah's view.
What's so funny?
There's something I just shared with Sister Kwan.
That is perfect for us, too.
2 Corinthians 8-12.
According to what a person has.
Just like our financial contributions.
Exactly.
Honey, would Jehovah want us to get into debt
to make a huge contribution we couldn't afford?
You know, that scripture we just read.
But there came a say, young.
Territories again?
Yes.
But I'll tell him that I'll call him after family worship.
We can't give what's not ours.
And we can't let our spiritual routine suffer.
Even for theocratic privileges.
Note this promise in the Bible.
Look at this flower, isn't it beautiful?
I love this time of year.
Thank you both so much for your help this month.
It's so good to find the right balance.
And to know we're giving Jehovah all we can.